feat: Add backup option for cosmovisor (#9652)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: cosmovisor/README.md

* `DAEMON_NAME` is the name of the binary itself (e.g. `gaiad`, `regend`, `simd`, etc.).
* `DAEMON_ALLOW_DOWNLOAD_BINARIES` (*optional*), if set to `true`, will enable auto-downloading of new binaries (for security reasons, this is intended for full nodes rather than validators). By default, `cosmovisor` will not auto-download new binaries.
* `DAEMON_RESTART_AFTER_UPGRADE` (*optional*), if set to `true`, will restart the subprocess with the same command line arguments and flags (but with the new binary) after a successful upgrade. By default, `cosmovisor` stops running after an upgrade and requires the system administrator to manually restart it. Note that `cosmovisor` will not auto-restart the subprocess if there was an error.

> * `UNSAFE_UPGRADE` (defaults to `false`), if set to `true`, will backup the data before trying the upgrade. This is useful in case of failures and when needed to rollback. It is advised to use backup option, i.e., `UNSFAE_UPGRADE=false`

Reviewer: All other env vars start with `DAEMON_`, should this one too?

Reviewer 2: Yes IMO

Author: Hmm, how about `DAEMON_UNSAFE_SKIP_BACKUP`?

Reviewer 3: Let's prefix all env vars with COSMOVISOR (in a separate PR)

Author: `DAEMON_HOME` and `DAEMON_NAME` are actually refering to the original daemon ex: `gaiad` and not `cosmovisor`, so renaming them might confuse.

Reviewer 4: Feels weird to call it UNSAFE_UPGRADE, instead of `MAKE_BACKUPS`

Reviewer 5: @ValarDragon  - the idea is that by default we are doing backup. So if you want to do something unsafe (not having a backup) then you need to write this "UNSAFE...."

Author: renamed it to `UNSAFE_SKIP_BACKUP` for redability

Reviewer 4: Thanks! Thats a much better name imo

> * `UNSAFE_UPGRADE` (defaults to `false`), if set to `true`, will backup the data before trying the upgrade. This is useful in case of failures and when needed to rollback. It is advised to use backup option, i.e., `UNSFAE_UPGRADE=false`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* `UNSAFE_UPGRADE` (defaults to `false`), if set to `true`, will backup the data before trying the upgrade. This is useful in case of failures and when needed to rollback. It is advised to use backup option, i.e., `UNSAFE_UPGRADE=false`
```

* `DAEMON_NAME` is the name of the binary itself (e.g. `gaiad`, `regend`, `simd`, etc.).
* `DAEMON_ALLOW_DOWNLOAD_BINARIES` (*optional*), if set to `true`, will enable auto-downloading of new binaries (for security reasons, this is intended for full nodes rather than validators). By default, `cosmovisor` will not auto-download new binaries.
* `DAEMON_RESTART_AFTER_UPGRADE` (*optional*), if set to `true`, will restart the subprocess with the same command-line arguments and flags (but with the new binary) after a successful upgrade. By default, `cosmovisor` stops running after an upgrade and requires the system administrator to manually restart it. Note that `cosmovisor` will not auto-restart the subprocess if there was an error.

> * `UNSAFE_SKIP_BACKUP` (defaults to `false`), if set to `false`, will backup the data before trying the upgrade. Otherwise it will skip the backup and upgrade. This is useful in case of failures and when needed to rollback. It is advised to use backup option, i.e., `UNSAFE_SKIP_BACKUP=false`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* `UNSAFE_SKIP_BACKUP` (defaults to `false`), if set to `false`, will backup the data before trying the upgrade. Otherwise it will directly upgrade, and skip the backup step. This is useful in case of failures and when needed to rollback. It is advised to use backup option, i.e., `UNSAFE_SKIP_BACKUP=false`
```

> * `UNSAFE_SKIP_BACKUP` (defaults to `false`), if set to `false`, will backup the data before trying the upgrade. Otherwise it will directly upgrade, and skip the backup step. This is useful in case of failures and when needed to rollback. It is advised to use backup option, i.e., `UNSAFE_SKIP_BACKUP=false`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* `UNSAFE_SKIP_BACKUP` (defaults to `false`), if set to `false`, will backup the data before trying the upgrade. Otherwise it will upgrade directly without doing any backup. This is useful (and recommended) in case of failures and when needed to rollback. It is advised to use backup option, i.e., `UNSAFE_SKIP_BACKUP=false`
```
